---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nexaa_cloud_database_cluster_user Resource - nexaa"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Database User resource representing a database user within a cloud database cluster on Nexaa.
---

# nexaa_cloud_database_cluster_user (Resource)

Database User resource representing a database user within a cloud database cluster on Nexaa.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster` (Object) Cloud database cluster this database belongs to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cluster))
- `name` (String) Name of the database user

### Optional

- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password for the database user
- `permissions` (Attributes Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--permissions))
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the database user
- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of the database user

<a id="nestedatt--cluster"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cluster`

Required:

- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--permissions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permissions`

Required:

- `database_name` (String) The name of the database
- `permission` (String) The permission to be granted to the database user

Optional:

- `state` (String) The state of the permission


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
