---
page_title: "nexaa_message_queue Resource - Nexaa"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Message Queue resource representing a managed message queue (e.g., RabbitMQ) on Nexaa.
---

# nexaa_message_queue (Resource)

Message Queue resource representing a managed message queue (e.g., RabbitMQ) on Nexaa.

## Example Usage

### Configure the provider
To use this provider we need to add a bit of configuration to authenticate.
```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    nexaa = {
      source = "nexaa-cloud/nexaa/nexaa"
    }
  }
}

provider "nexaa" {
  username = "user@example.com"
  password = "password"
}
```

### Create a namespace
We need a namespace where the nexaa_message_queue will be deployed:
```terraform
resource "nexaa_namespace" "test" {
  name        = "terraform-test"
  description = "This is a description"
}
```

### Create the nexaa_message_queue resource
```terraform
# Find a plan matching the desired resources
data "nexaa_message_queue_plans" "plan" {
  cpu      = 1
  memory   = 2
  storage  = 10
  replicas = 1
}

# Create a RabbitMQ message queue
resource "nexaa_message_queue" "queue" {
  ## We need a namespace before we can create a container. Therefor create a dependancy on the namespace
  depends_on = [
    nexaa_namespace.test,
  ]
  namespace = "terraform-test"
  name      = "tf-queue"
  plan      = data.nexaa_message_queue_plans.plan.id
  type      = "RabbitMQ"
  version   = "3.13"
  allowlist = ["192.168.1.1"]
  external_connection = {
    ports = {
      internal_port = 5672
      protocol      = "TCP"
      allowlist     = ["192.168.1.1/32"]
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the message queue
- `namespace` (String) Name of the namespace the message queue belongs to
- `plan` (String) The plan used for the message queue.
- `type` (String) The type of message queue (e.g., 'RabbitMQ')
- `version` (String) The version of the message queue software

### Optional

- `allowlist` (List of String) List of IP addresses allowed to access the management console of the message queue (defaults: '0.0.0.0/0' and '::/0')
- `external_connection` (Attributes) An external connection that can used to connect to a message queue (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_connection))
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Identifier of the message queue in the format 'namespace/name'
- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of the message queue
- `locked` (Boolean) If the message queue is locked it can't be deleted
- `state` (String) The current state of the message queue

<a id="nestedatt--external_connection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_connection`

Optional:

- `ports` (Attributes) Used to define the connection parts of the external connection (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_connection--ports))

Read-Only:

- `ipv4` (String) The ipv4 address that can be used in combination with the external port to connect to your queue
- `ipv6` (String) The ipv6 address that can be used in combination with the external port to connect to your queue

<a id="nestedatt--external_connection--ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_connection.ports`

Optional:

- `allowlist` (List of String) A list with the IP's that can access the message queue through the external connection, can be in ipv4 and/or ipv6 format. Defaults to 0.0.0.0/0 and ::/0, which means that the message queue can be accessed from any IP address.

Read-Only:

- `external_port` (Number) The port that is used in combination with your ipv4 or ipv6 address to connect to your queue



<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [` + "`" + `terraform import` + "`" + ` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import nexaa_message_queue.example namespace/message_queue_name
```