---
page_title: "nexaa_starter_container Resource - Nexaa"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Starter container resource representing a starter container that will be deployed on nexaa.
---

# nexaa_starter_container (Resource)

Starter container resource representing a starter container that will be deployed on nexaa.

## Example Usage

### Configure the provider
To use this provider we need to add a bit of configuration to authenticate.
```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    nexaa = {
      source = "nexaa-cloud/nexaa/nexaa"
    }
  }
}

provider "nexaa" {
  username = "user@example.com"
  password = "password"
}
```

### Create a namespace
We need a namespace where the nexaa_starter_container will be deployed:
```terraform
resource "nexaa_namespace" "test" {
  name        = "terraform-test"
  description = "This is a description"
}
```

### Create the nexaa_starter_container resource
```terraform
resource "nexaa_starter_container" "starter-container" {
  depends_on = [
    nexaa_namespace.test,
  ]

  ## Define your name, namespace, image and (if required) add registry credentials
  name      = "tf-starter-container"
  namespace = "terraform-test"
  image     = "nginx:latest"
  registry  = null

  ## With command and entrypoint you can override the startup behaviour of your container
  #command    = ["nginx", "-g", "daemon off;"]
  #entrypoint = ["/docker-entrypoint.sh"]

  ports = ["80:80", "8080"]

  ## Adding environment variables to your container
  ## When setting it as secret, it will be encrypted
  environment_variables = [
    {
      name   = "ENV"
      value  = "production"
      secret = false
    },
    {
      name   = "Variable"
      value  = "terraform"
      secret = false
    },
    {
      name   = "API_KEY"
      value  = "supersecret"
      secret = true
    }
  ]

  ## When you want to expose your container to the internet you can add an ingress
  ingresses = [
    {
      domain_name = null
      port        = 80
      tls         = true
      allowlist   = ["0.0.0.0/0", "::/0"]
    }
  ]

  ## When you want to expose your container to the internet you can add an external connection
  external_connection = {
    ports = [{
      internal_port = 8080
      protocol      = "TCP"
      allowlist     = ["192.168.1.1/32"]
    }]
  }


  ## When using volumes you can mount the volume on a specific path
  #mounts = [
  #  {
  #    path   = "/storage/mount"
  #    volume = "storage"
  #  }
  #]

  # The health check will check your container if the application is still responding as it should
  health_check = {
    port = 80
    path = "/"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `image` (String) The image use to run the container
- `name` (String) Name of the container
- `namespace` (String) Name of the namespace that the container will belong to

### Optional

- `command` (List of String) Command to run. When the field is omitted, the default command of the image will be used. The command will be passed to the entrypoint as arguments. Environment variables can be used in the command by using the syntax $(ENVIRONMENT_VARIABLE).
- `entrypoint` (List of String) Entrypoint of the container. This field will overwrite the default entrypoint of the image. When the field is omitted, the default entrypoint of the image will be used. Entry point is the first command executed when the container starts. It will receive the command as arguments.
- `environment_variables` (Attributes Set) Environment variables used in the container; order is not significant and matched by name (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--environment_variables))
- `external_connection` (Attributes) An external connection that can used to connect to a cloud database cluster (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_connection))
- `health_check` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--health_check))
- `ingresses` (Attributes List) Used to access the container from the internet (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ingresses))
- `mounts` (Attributes List) Used to add persistent storage to your container (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--mounts))
- `ports` (List of String) The ports used to expose for traffic, format as from:to
- `registry` (String) The registry used to be able to acces images that are saved in a private environment, fill in null to use a public registry
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the container, equal to the name
- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of the starter container
- `status` (String) The status of the container

<a id="nestedatt--environment_variables"></a>
### Nested Schema for `environment_variables`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name used for the environment variable
- `secret` (Boolean) A boolean to represent if the environment variable is a secret or not
- `value` (String) The value used for the environment variable, is required


<a id="nestedatt--external_connection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_connection`

Required:

- `ports` (Attributes List) Used to define the connection parts of the external connection (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_connection--ports))

Read-Only:

- `ipv4` (String) The ipv4 address that can be used in combination with the external port to connect to your cluster
- `ipv6` (String) The ipv6 address that can be used in combination with the external port to connect to your cluster

<a id="nestedatt--external_connection--ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_connection.ports`

Required:

- `internal_port` (Number) The port that is used internally within the container
- `protocol` (String) The protocol that is used for the external connection, must be either TCP or UDP

Optional:

- `allowlist` (List of String) A list with the IP's that can access the database cluster through the external connection, can be in ipv4 and/or ipv6 format. Defaults to 0.0.0.0/0 and ::/0, which means that the database cluster can be accessed from any IP address.

Read-Only:

- `external_port` (Number) The port that is used in combination with your ipv4 or ipv6 address to connect to your database cluster



<a id="nestedatt--health_check"></a>
### Nested Schema for `health_check`

Required:

- `path` (String)
- `port` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--ingresses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ingresses`

Required:

- `port` (Number) The port used for the ingress, must be one of the exposed ports
- `tls` (Boolean) Boolean representing if you want TLS enabled or not

Optional:

- `allowlist` (List of String) A list with the IP's that can access the ingress url, 0.0.0.0/0 to make it accessible for everyone
- `domain_name` (String) The domain used for the ingress, defaults to https://{tenant}-{namespaceName}-{containerName}.container.tilaa.cloud


<a id="nestedatt--mounts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mounts`

Required:

- `path` (String) The path to the location where the data will be saved
- `volume` (String) The name of the volume that is used for the mount


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [` + "`" + `terraform import` + "`" + ` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
#!/bin/bash
terraform import nexaa_starter_container "namespace/container_name"
```